#summary List of supported contextobjects.
#labels Phase-Design,Phase-Implementation,contextobject,reftype,reqtype,sourcetype

= Introduction =

A simple list of allowed contextobjects, which will be used elsewhere, and their mappings to:
*reftype* = RIS format code 
*reqtype* = English interpretation of what that code means
*sourcetype* = container format, if different from reqtype


= Details =

article:
	reftype = JOUR		// article: a document published in a journal.
	reqtype = Journal Article
	sourcetype = Journal

book:
	reftype = BOOK	// book: a publication that is complete in one part or a designated finite number of parts, often identified with an ISBN.
	reqtype = Book
	sourcetype = Book

bookitem:
	reftype = CHAP	// bookitem: a defined section of a book, usually with a separate title or number.
	reqtype = Book Section
	sourcetype = Book

conference:		// conference: a record of a conference that includes one or more conference papers and that is published as an issue of a journal or serial publication 
	reftype = JFULL
	reqtype = Conference Item
	sourcetype = Conference
	notes = This was identified as a "collection of conference presentations published as an issue of a serial publication" in the OpenURL metadata.

dissertation:
	reftype = THES
	reqtype = Dissertation
	sourcetype = Thesis/Dissertation

document:		// document: general document type to be used when available data elements do not allow determination of a more specific document type, i.e. when one has only author and title but no publication information. 
	reftype = GEN
	reqtype = Unknown
	sourcetype = Unknown
	notes = This was identified as a "general document type" in the OpenURL metadata.

issue:
	reftype = JFULL	// issue: one instance of the serial publication
	reqtype = Journal/Serial Issue
	sourcetype = Journal
	notes = This was identified as a "single issue of a serial publication" in the OpenURL metadata.

journal:
	reftype = JFULL	// journal: a serial publication issued in successive parts
	reqtype = Journal/Serial Publication
	sourcetype = Journal
	notes = This was identified as a "serial publication" in the OpenURL metadata.

patent:
	reftype = PAT
	reqtype = Patent
	sourcetype = Patent	

proceeding:		// proceeding: a single conference presentation published in a journal or serial publication 
	reftype = CONF
	reqtype = Conference Proceedings
	sourcetype = Conference
	notes = This was identified as a "single conference presentation in a serial publication" in the OpenURL metadata.

preprint:		// preprint: an individual paper or report published in paper or electronically prior to its publication in a journal or serial.
	reftype = JOUR
	reqtype = Journal Article Preprint
	sourcetype = Journal
	notes = This was identified as an "individual paper or report published in paper or electronically prior to its publication" in a journal or serial in the OpenURL metadata.

report:		// report: report or technical report is a published document that is issued by an organization, agency or government body
	reftype = RPRT
	reqtype = Report
	sourcetype = Report

unknown:
	reftype = GEN
	reqtype = Unknown
	sourcetype = Unknown
	notes = This was identified as an "unknown format" in the OpenURL metadata.

default:
	reftype = GEN
	reqtype = Unknown
	sourcetype = Unknown
	notes = This was not identified as an known format in the OpenURL metadata. it was specified as {item}
